<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui">

<ui:composition template="/template/siteTemplate.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="title">
        <h:outputText value="About Us"/>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="editableContent">
        <div class="card aboutuscontainer">

<!--            motivation-->
            <h3 class="aboutustitle">Motivation</h3>
            <p class="aboutustxt">Traditional taxi services do not allow users to find fellow riders or drivers who are
                heading to the same destinations or sharing the same route i.e. the allocation of drivers
                is purely random, based on availability of taxis/cabs at that particular time. They do not
                take into consideration an individual’s overall travel experience and safety. Nor do they
                allow rides to be planned in advance.
            </p>

<!--            objective-->
            <p class="aboutustxt">
                Our objective is to create a ride sharing platform wherein drivers of rideshare vehicles
                can share the car with riders heading to the same destination thereby making the travel
                more affordable and help create a more enjoyable travel experience.
            </p>

            <p:divider align="left">
                <div class="p-d-inline-flex p-ai-center">
                    <i class="pi pi-circle-on"/>

                </div>
            </p:divider>



            <h3 class="aboutustitle">Why Is It Important To Solve?</h3>
            <p class="aboutustxt">Ride sharing has many advantages for both riders and drivers. They make travel more
                affordable (since the cost gets divided between the riders sharing the ride) and make
                travel time seem faster and enjoyable. They allow riders to choose drivers (and vice-a-
                versa) they would be more comfortable with increasing a sense of safety.
                Also, practicing ride sharing would mean fewer cars on the road which would help
                reduce CO2 emission.
            </p>

            <p:divider align="left">
                <div class="p-d-inline-flex p-ai-center">
                    <i class="pi pi-circle-on"/>

                </div>
            </p:divider>

            <h3 class="aboutustitle">Creators</h3>
            <p class="aboutustxt">This application has been created by Mayur Dhepe, Shantanu Deore and Aditya Sarin as a part
                of the course Software Engineering (CS5704), under the guidance of Professor Osman Balci.
            </p>



        </div>

    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
<!-- Do not enter tags after the composition line since they are ignored by JSF -->
</html>


